More questions

1. How to clear cache only on home page ? => Administration >  Sites >  Manage Sites > ${SiteID} - Cache
2. Why are changes not visible on storefront after uploading the cartridge ? (activate correct code version)
3. From which instance is code replicated to production ? (staging)
4. What can be imported from "merchant tools/content" ? (images, folders, content assets)
5. Choose correct cartridge path so custom code will overwrite the SFRA cartridge ( custom cartridge should be on the left side of SFRA cartridge)
6. Why is category not visible on storefront when it is created (needs to have atlest one product, needs to be online)
7. Difference between product set and product bundle (product set has product that can be bought separately and doesnt have allocation, bundle has both allocation for bundle and products)
8. How to display products that are out of stock (know exactly where to find "searchable if unavailable" in BM)
9. We have category structure like this "Women / shoes / sneakers". Sorting is set on "sneakers" category. Why sorting doesn't work when searching products on storefront (probably because sort should be set to main category "Women")
10. What can sitemap contain (select 3 out of 5)
11. How to display product in content slot (content type product, content type recommendation)
12. What is default taxation type when site is created
13. What is apple pay (payment method)
14. Resource file question:
    account = kilo
    account_en = stone
    account_en_CA = pound
What will be used for USA ?
15. Where are settings for page designer components (exact path of the .json file)
16. What tools to use if for debugging code ? (pipeline profiler, logs)
17. Why custom attribute isn't available (needs to be assigned to attribute group)
18. What is the best way to display or not display an image depending on the locale ?
19. Where is CSRF token implemented (middleware chain)

More

Certification for salesforce b2c developer 2020 (sfra based)
1. An integration to a 3 party is integrate with the service framework. But before the real service call client has requested to make a test call first.
What will you use.
a. fullMock callback method with the service set in mocked mode T
2. there is a need for a RESTfull service, the response need to be form encrypted what type of the service will you use?
  a. HTTPForm T
  b. FTP
  c. SFTP
  d.SAOP 
3. what two answers are mandatory when reading resource in OCAPI
  a. client_id            T
  b. resource_ID      T
4. what will be the file name if you call a custom log with   Logger.getLogger('pFeed', 'ProductFeeds' ?
 a.  custom-pFeed-blade7-4.mon.demandware.net-0-appserver-20200712.log    T
5. what is missing in the controller code ?
 code snippet
  a. NEXT()    T
6. you what to fetch login form how will you do it?
  a. session.forms.getForm('login')   T
  b. session.form.getForm('login')
  c.  session.getForm(login)
7. hooks path from package.json?
  a. "hooks": "./hooks.json      T
  b. "hooks": ".cartridge/hooks.json
8. custom object is created in a script but it throws and error (code) why?
 a. custom object is not warped inTranslation wrapper  T
9. a service configuration has been done but the requirements changed service url needs to be changed.what will you do?
  a. go to service credentials and change URL field  T
10. you have a new sandbox what you need to compile first to have a working storefront
  a. npm run compile:js && npm run compile:scss && npm run compile:fonts  T
  b. npm run compile:js && npm run compile:html && npm run compile:fonts
  c. npm run compile:js && npm run compile:scss && npm run compile:html
11. you created custom object but the attribute you defined are missing.why?
  a.you need to assign attributes to group group   T